add test-framework and basic/init-test (#52)
cpb-/chef: README.md

You can add a `notes` section (array of free strings ignored by `chef`) to insert your own comments into the menu as the same level as `sources` or `target` or into the `target` section.

## Internal tests

Ideally each functionally is unit and functional tested via a script within the
`test/`-path.

To run the tests, `cmake` and `ctest` are used.

```bash
mkdir test-dir
cd test-dir

cmake path/to/chef/test
make    # prepare the test-environment, nothing is compiled
ctest   # run the tests and show the result-summary

# useful ctest arguments

ctest -N   # shows the available tests
ctest -V   # shows verbose outputs of tests, all tests are run
ctest -R <pattern> -V   # run tests matching "pattern" and show their verbose output
```

Tests are written as a sequence of (chef-)-commands and checks to see whether
the expected result or output has been generated or not.

The CMakeLists.txt in the test-folder contains the list of tests to be run.

The name of the test is identical to its subdirectory in the test-folder, e.g.,
the `basic/init`-test is located in `test/basic/init/`. This folder has to
contain a file called `test` (written in bash-syntax) which is sourced by the

> test-driver (`driver.sh`). And non-zero exit-code inicates that a test has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test-driver (`driver.sh`). A non-zero exit-code indicates that a test has
```

failed. Any failing commands which end the test-run.

Within the script `test` the variable `$S` references the test's source-dir and
`$T` the test's runtime-dir.

The runtime-dir is wiped out before a test-run, but can be inspected after a
run.

Files related to and used by the test can be stored in the test's source-dir
accessible with `$S`.

> Test-result evaluation function are available in the `function.sh`-library and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test-result evaluation functions are available in the `function.sh`-library and
```
